feat: add videos from Kotlin Premier Event (#2725)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/kmm/kmm-faq.md

working on right now, check out the [roadmap details](roadmap.md#roadmap-details). 
Most of the recent KMM changes affect the **Kotlin Multiplatform** and **Kotlin/Native** sections.

> The following video presents our plans on the upcoming stage of the KMM development – its promotion to [Beta](components-stability.md): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following video presents our plans on the upcoming stage of the Kotlin Multiplatform Mobile development – its promotion to [Beta](components-stability.md): 
```

> <video href="LE-Dy9XCLxk" title="KMM Beta Roadmap"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<video href="LE-Dy9XCLxk" title="Kotlin Multiplatform Mobile Beta Roadmap"/>
```
